# Draw-_it_or_lose_it
This repository is for a software design document for the game "Draw It or Lose It". Requested from the company The Gaming Room. This is a school project in my Operating Platforms class. This includes the software design document as well as code created with the UML diagram found inside the document.

The client, The Gaming Room, was looking to expand their game "Draw It or Lose It" which was created on the Android OS. The company wants to turn their Android application into a web-based application. In order to do this, I needed to supply information about which operating system I recommended and why. 

What I think I did well over this project was finding and showing the tools that each operating system would come with and why each one would be a good choice, and a bad choice. It was my opinion that Windows would be the most effective operating system to use in this situation because of the information that I gathered. 

Making UML diagrams really helped in the long run when I was coding because I could look back at the UML diagram and use it as a guide to make and connect the classes that were needed in the code. It also gives a nice start and end point for the code, almost like a check list. If everything on the Diagram is fulfilled, you know that you have what you need and can start debugging. The better the UML diagram, the more accurate that statement is. 

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would choose to not do the evaluations in tables. I could not get it to look very professional in a word document because of the tables. I would do a list instead of a table. 

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
It is very important to consider the user's need when thinking of and implementing designs. This is because the user will be the one using the application. If the user does not like using the application because it is confusing or whatever else, then the application will not be profitable and fail. Like many other forms of business, the end user is the most important to make happy. I like to think about it like making sure that items are labeled and placed in the correct places at a grocery store. If they are not, and everything is mislabeled, it would be very difficult for a costumer to use the grocery store. In this case, the end user's need is to be able to find things inside of the grocery store in order to use it properly. An example of keeping the end user in mind when designing the grocery store would be to label everything correctly and place them in the correct place. If this action was not taken, the grocery store would not be profitable and fail.

The way that i approach designing software is by creating diagrams and outlines of what I want to make. I think it's very important to know what you want to do before you do it, and spend some time thinking about the ways that you are going to do it. From this class, I will be using UML diagrams in the future as I found those very helpful when creating and relating classes.
